docs(audit-log) improve signature verification documentation (#1779)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/1.3-x/admin-api/audit-log.md

### Validating Signatures

> Record signatures may be verified by the `openssl` utility or other cryptographic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify record signatures, use the `openssl` utility or other cryptographic
```

> tools to confirm the validity of the signature. Signatures are generated using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools that confirm the validity of the signature. The signatures are generated using a
```

> 256-bit SHA digest. The following example demonstrates verifying the above audit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
256-bit SHA digest. The following example demonstrates how to verify the audit
```

> log record. First, store the record signature on disk, after stripping the Base64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log record shown above. First, store the record signature on disk, after stripping the Base64
```

encoding:

```bash
$ cat <<EOF | base64 -d > record_signature
> l2LWYaRIHfXglFa5ehFc2j9ijfERazxisKVtJnYa+QUz2ckcytxfOLuA4VKEWHgY7cCLdn5C7uRJzE6es5V2SoOV59NOpskkr5lTt9kzao64UEw5UNOdeZYZKwyhG9Ge7IsxTK6haW0iG3a9dHqlKlwvnHZTbFM8TUV/umg8sJ1QJ/5ivXecbyHYtD5luKAI6oEgIdZPtQexRkwxlzvfR8lzeC/dDc2slSrjWRbBxNFlgfRKhDdVzVzgu8pEucgKggu67PKLkJ+bQEkxX1+Yg3czIpJyC3t6cgoggb0UNtBq1uUpswe0wdueKh6G5Gzz6XrmOjlv7zSz4gtVyEHZgg==
> EOF
```

Next, the audit record must be transformed into its canonical format used for

> signature generation. This requires serializing the record into a string format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signature generation. This transformation requires serializing the record into a string format
```
